Apptainer docs draft 2 (#301)
ResearchComputing/Documentation: docs/software/Containerizationon.md

| `Seurat/4.1.0` | seurat_4.1.0.sif | https://hub.docker.com/r/satijalab/seurat |
| `SimVascular/WCB-2018` | simvascular_wcb2018_alpine.sif | Built by CU Research Computing |
| `VAPOR/3.9.1` | vapor_3.9.1_ubuntu22.sif | Built by CU Research Computing |

### File Access

By default, only `/home/$USER` is available within any given container. This means that a user will need to bind any other required folders to the container’s directory tree. Furthermore, a container will also have access to the files in the same folder where it was initialized (`$PWD`). 

To bind any additional folders or files to your container, you can utilize the `-B` flag in your Apptainer run, exec, and shell commands:

```
apptainer run -B /source/directory:/target/directory sample-image.sif
```

Additionally you can bind directories by utilizing the `APPTAINER_BINDPATH` environment variable. Simply export a list of directory pairs you would like to bind to the your container:

```
export APPTAINER_BINDPATH=/source/directory1:/target/directory1,\
/source/directory2:/target/directory2

> ```

Reviewer: I think you should bring up that they do not need to specify the target directory in the container for the "run, shell, and exec" commands. They can simply do the following:
```
apptainer run -B /projects/$USER,/pl/active,/scratch/alpine/$USER sample-image.sif
```

* **Fakeroot**: Fakeroot is a feature which allows a non-root user to obtain nearly-root-level administrative permissions **only within the requisite container**. This affords users the ability to perform high-level operations within a container, such as: 

<ol>
  <li>Package installation using `sudo`</li>
  <li>Changing user/group identity</li>
  <li>Permissions changes</li>
</ol> 

Note that any changes made within the container with Fakeroot are not reflected outside of the container. Users can deploy fakeroot by running any of `shell`, `exec`, `run`, or `build` with the `--fakeroot` flag. For example:
```
apptainer build --fakeroot test.sif test.def
```

* **Fix-Perms**: Performing a container operation with the fix-perms flag will ensure that the user has read, write, and execute permissions for all container content from Open Container Initiative and Docker sources. Users can deploy fix-perms by running `build` with the `--fix-perms` flag. For example:
```
apptainer build --fix-perms test.sif test.def
```

> * **Sandbox**: Building containers can be a time-consuming process of trial-and-error. For this reason, you may want to perform operations within the container and have those operations reflected in your container image. For this purpose, you can use the sandbox option. Users can deploy a sandbox by running `shell` with the `--sandbox` flag. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Sandbox**: Building containers can be a time-consuming process if building from the definition file. This is because you may have build errors that need to be resolved, which requires that you rebuild the container multiple times. For this reason, you may want to perform iterative installs within the container first to ensure compatibility, then transfer these commands to a definition file. For this purpose, you can use the sandbox option. Users can construct a sandbox by using the `--sandbox` flag. For example: 
```

```
apptainer build --sandbox test.sif
```

> From there, you can install software and dependencies directly within the container and have those changes reflected in the container image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, you can install software and dependencies directly within the sandbox and have those changes reflected in the sandbox using `apptainer shell --writable <my.sif>`. **Important: a sandbox cannot be converted into a definition file. This means there is no record of what you installed in the sandbox. It is highly suggested that you add actions completed in the sandbox (e.g. software installs) to a definition file as you modify the sandbox. This will ensure that you can reproduce the sandbox at a later time.**
```
